TRAINING & PLACEMENT, IITD
Job Notification Form


COMPANY OVERVIEW
Name of the Company :
eGain Communications
Website (or any other source of information) :
www.egain.com
Industry Sector :
Information Technology
Brief Write-up on the Company (50-75 words) :
eGain (OTC BB: EGAN.OB) is the leading provider of multichannel customer service and knowledge management software for on-site or on-demand deployment. For over a decade, hundreds of the world's largest companies have relied on eGain to transform their traditional call centers, help desks, and web customer service operations into multichannel customer interaction hubs (CIHs). Based on the Power of One™, the concept of one unified platform for multichannel customer interaction and knowledge management, eGain solutions improve customer experience, optimize service processes end to end, increase sales, and enhance contact center performance. 
We have won awards like: 

a) Top rated eService Suite of Products by Forrester and Patricia Seybold Group 
b) Customer Inter@ction Solution Magazine's "Product of the Year" award 
c) "Visionary" and "Positive Company" status by Gartner 

eGain is the leading developer of customer service solutions for electronic commerce. eGain's enterprise-class solutions enable businesses to manage and respond to high volumes of electronic customer communications in a timely and relevant manner. Products are based on the eGain Web Component Architecture, making them scaleable, customizable, and easy to integrate with legacy applications. 

Headquartered in Mountain View, California, eGain has operating presence in North America, EMEA and APAC. To learn more about us, visit www.egain.com.
 
JOB PROFILE
Job Designation :
Software Engineer
Job Description :
eGain is looking for smart, creative individuals, who can work as part of development teams in Pune and Delhi to help define, build and maintain next generation of eGain Products. 

To be part of eGain you should have strong analytical and problem solving skills, be passionate about Software Engineering, and eager to work and thrive in fast-paced environment. You will be surrounded by equally eager and passionate professionals, who will work with you on creating high-quality, robust and scalable enterprise applications.
Place of Posting :
Delhi and Pune
 
SALARY DETAILS
	•	Performance based bonus is not part of Gross/CTC.
	•	Any amount to be disbursed later than the end of first 12 months is not part of Gross/CTC.
	•	Gross Salary refers to the amount mentioned in the pay-check issued to the employee. It does not include any kind of deductions like Income Tax, Provident Fund Amount etc.

Cost to Company :  
Rs. 6 lacs per annum
Gross :  
45,000 approx
Perks / Bonus / Incentives :  
No
Bond or Service Contract :  
No
 
SELECTION PROCESS
Interview:
Yes
Medical Test :  
No
Number of offers :  
B.Tech
Number of Rounds :  
N.A. The recruitment process is free and fair and numbers recruited are completely dependent on the performance in the tests and the subsequent interview.
Eligible Departments and Programs:
B.Tech and M.Tech in Biochemical Engineering & Biotechnology , B.Tech in Civil Engineering , B.Tech in Chemical Engineering , B.Tech in Chemical Engineering and M.Tech in Computer Applications in Chemical Engineering , B.Tech in Chemical Engineering and M.Tech in Process Engineering & Design , B.Tech in Chemical Engineering and M.Tech in Chemical Engineering , B.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering , B.Tech and M.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering , B.Tech in Electrical Engineering , B.Tech in Electrical Engineering (Power) , B.Tech in Electrical Engineering and M.Tech in Information & Communication Technology , B.Tech in Mechanical Engineering , B.Tech in Production and Industrial Engineering , Integrated M.Tech in Mathematics and Computing , B.Tech in Engineering Physics , B.Tech in Textile Engineering
Shortlist from resume :  
Y
Written Test(Technical, Aptitude) :  
Y
Group Discussion :  
N
Personal Interview :  
Y
 
