TRAINING & PLACEMENT, IITD
Job Notification Form


COMPANY OVERVIEW
Name of the Company :
WorldQuant Research India Private Limited
Website (or any other source of information) :
www.worldquant.com
Industry Sector :
Finance
Brief Write-up on the Company (50-75 words) :
WorldQuant is a private institutional investment management complex consisting of an inter-national team of researchers, traders and technologists who constantly work toward even greater quantification and automation in the development of its trading processes. Continuously evolving for ever-greater efficiency enables us to trade today the way others will tomorrow.
 
JOB PROFILE
Job Designation :
Quantitative Researcher
Job Description :
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: 
WorldQuant Research (India) Private Ltd, Mumbai seeks Computer Science and Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Engineering Physics, Mathematics & Computing and Mechanical Engineering majors for a Quantitative Researcher position involving the creation of computer-based models that seek to predict the movements of worldwide financial markets. Candidates need not have prior knowledge of financial markets, but must have a strong interest in learning about stock markets and financial markets. Our highly accomplished senior staff will provide the new hires with mentoring and guidance to help them succeed. 

WE OFFER OUTSTANDING CAREER OPPORTINITIES, WHICH INCLUDE: 
- Competitive financial rewards, relative to performance and position 
- Friendly and collegial working environment 
- Opportunity for promotion to Vice President in 2 to 4 years 
- Rare opportunity to learn from highly successful investment experts 


JOB REQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONS: 

- Possess or expect a B.Tech or 5years Integrated Master’s or a PhD degree, with a CGPA of 8 or above, with top class ranking, awards or distinctions, in the following majors: 

 Mathematics and Computing 


- Possess or expect a B.Tech, Dual (B.Tech + M.Tech), or a PhD degree, with a CGPA of 8.5 or above, with top class ranking, awards or distinctions, in the following majors: 

 Computer Science and Engineering 
 Electrical Engineering 
 Engineering Physics 


- Possess or expect a B.Tech with a CGPA of 9.0 or above, with top class ranking, awards or distinctions, in the following majors: 

 Mechanical Engineering 

- Ranked as top 10% in class for bachelor's degree. 
- Have a research scientist mind-set, i.e., be a deep thinker, creative, persevering, smart, a self-starter, etc. 
- Be competent in a programming language (C++ or C). 
- Have a strong interest in learning about worldwide financial markets. 
- Have a strong work ethic. 





ADDITIONAL PREFERRED QUALIFICATION: 

Possession of an international or regional Mathematical Olympiad medal is a plus.
Place of Posting :
Mumbai/ Gurgaon, India
 
SALARY DETAILS
	•	Performance based bonus is not part of Gross/CTC.
	•	Any amount to be disbursed later than the end of first 12 months is not part of Gross/CTC.
	•	Gross Salary refers to the amount mentioned in the pay-check issued to the employee. It does not include any kind of deductions like Income Tax, Provident Fund Amount etc.

Cost to Company :  
INR 36,90,000/-
Gross :  
-
Perks / Bonus / Incentives :  
-
Bond or Service Contract :  
NO Bond, but we would like to have commitment for minimum period of 24 months from the candidates.
 
SELECTION PROCESS
Interview:
Yes
Medical Test :  
No
Number of offers :  
Depends upon student¡¦s CGPA, performance in online test and interviews.
Number of Rounds :  
Approx. 5
Eligible Departments and Programs:
B.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering , B.Tech and M.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering , B.Tech in Electrical Engineering , B.Tech in Electrical Engineering and M.Tech in Information & Communication Technology , B.Tech in Mechanical Engineering , Integrated M.Tech in Mathematics and Computing , B.Tech in Engineering Physics
Shortlist from resume :  
Y
Written Test(Technical, Aptitude) :  
Y
Group Discussion :  
N
Personal Interview :  
Y
 

